JP-4285: Cube Build updates (#10433)
spacetelescope/jwst: changes/10433.cube_build.rst

Reviewer: Can you please also add a `breaking` change note, since we're removing step parameters?

> Cleanup cube build interface removing the parameters pipeline and single 

Reviewer: For clarity:

```suggestion
Clean up cube build interface, removing the parameters ``pipeline`` and ``single``, which were intended for internal use only.
```

> Clean up cube build interface, removing the parameters ``pipeline`` and ``single``, which were intended for internal use only. 

Reviewer: Can you please add a note about the change to the linear wavelength parameter, since it now applies to MIRI too?
